# TheGamingRoom
(**Please note this is a project I completed for school**)
This is a repository containing a project design template.
The Gaming Room is a client who tasked my team at Creative Technology Solutions with creating an environment to support a web-based version of their application Draw It or Lose It. In the development of this documentation, the compare and contrast of the different operating systems are what was done best. The process of understanding how an operating system communicates with other parts of the computer and the way memory works was most helpful when developing the code. If I could revise one aspect of the document, I would revise the Recommendations section. I would improve it by doing a bit more research to cover all aspects of my recommendations and ensure my decision is the best it could be. I interpreted the user’s needs by looking at the requirements for the document and observing what the user will need from this application by its design. The user’s needs are important when the design is made because an unhappy user base will create an unsuccessful game. I approached the design process by analyzing the client’s needs and coming up with solutions that would best suit the client. For example, the best platform to reach many consumers would be web-based, and Mac servers offer the best security and rarely crash so that is what I recommended. In the future, I would make a list of client needs and detail possible solutions for every need on the list. This would make the design process more streamlined.
